feat: add support for providing priority hint to nodes to ensure they are loaded (#1628)
cognitedata/reveal: documentation/docs/examples/cad-styling.mdx

Reveal supports flexible styling of individual nodes (objects) in the 3D model. Styles can
be compromised of several attributes to customize the visualization through the `NodeAppearance`-type:

| Field                       | Field type                  | Description                                           |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| `color`                     | `[number, number, number]?` | Override color by setting RGB values in range [0,255], e.g `[255, 0, 0]` (red). `[0, 0, 0]` means no override.  |
| `visible`                   | `boolean?`                  | When false, the node(s) will be invisible             |
| `renderInFront`             | `boolean?`                  | When true, the node(s) are rendered in front of other geometry |
| `renderGhosted`             | `boolean?`                  | When true, the node(s) are rendered in transparent gray |
| `outlineColor`              | `NodeOutlineColor?`         | Adds an outline to the objects from a set of predefined colors |

> | `prioritizedForLoadingHint` | `number?`                   | Assigns a prioritization weight to this node collection, influencing load priority. See [Prioritized Areas](cad-prioritized-nodes).

Author: ```suggestion
| `prioritizedForLoadingHint` | `number?`                   | Assigns a prioritization weight to this node collection, influencing load priority. See [Prioritize nodes for loading](cad-prioritized-nodes).
```
